Before we start with the most
practical lessons, I want to share
with you a number of reflections
on how Power Launch Formula
works.
Power Launch Formula is
a sequential formula that guides
you step by step in every
step you have to take to reach
Product Market Fit.
So the first implication of what
I said and something you have
to have is that your only goal
is to reach Product Market
Fit.
It has to obsess you.
All you do until you reach Product
Market Fit is to look for
Product Market Fit.
Why is it?
Because at the moment you have achieved
it, that by the way, there are very
few innovative projects that it because
they don't know how to do it, when
you do it you have a very solid
foundation on which to build.
I like to compare it to the foundations.
You have very solid foundations.
Instead, there are many people who
do not do their duties well, that
what they do is jump steps and
what they do is build on foundation
that is not solid.
After you reach Product Market
Fit, you'll have to worry
about pushing that product,
marketing, searching for channels,
reaching deals, etc.
But it will all be very easy because
the engine is very strong, because
your proposal fits a segment
of customers.
Everything you do takes a
lot of traction.
Second, I want you to keep in mind that
it is a step-by-step sequential formula.
We have defined it so for several reasons.
Here is the scheme.
There are five stages and two main milestones,
which are Problem Solution Fit
and then the final goal that
is Product Market Fit.
And why did we do it this way?
Why have we defined these stages?
Because it will help you, it will
accompany you toward the ultimate goal
minimizing the risk.
The first thing we will do is
validate the main hypotheses by
talking to customers, in a
very structured way.
Why talk to customers?
Well, because talking to customers can
be done on the first day without investing
money.
We will then do experiments
that take a little more effort
and then, when we have validated
that we have reached Problem
Solution Fit, you will have
to build the first version
of your product.
But I want you to understand that
it is designed so that the effort,
so that the investment is increasing
and we can minimize the risk
in that way.
That is, you will not invest until
you have validated the
main hypotheses of your business
model and your value proposal.
And by the way, this does almost
everyone wrong.
And almost everyone does what is
skipping stages, what they
call prematurely climbing.
And that brings you to take a lot of risks.
It takes you to the picture we'
ve seen before you're building
a house on foundation that
isn't solid.
And the last thing I want you
to know is that in this process
we are advancing in this formula
what we are doing is
to increase the value a lot
while decreasing the risk.
I share this photo with you.
I do this drawing many times.
When someone has an idea, that idea
is worthless.
The value is zero.
The entrepreneur, the founder,
the entrepreneur thinks he has
the formula of Coca-Cola.
It is not worth it, nor the paper
on which we have written it.
It is not worth the time spent listening
to it.
It is so, that is the reality.
The risk is maximum.
But if you know how to apply this formula
well, if you know how to take
the first steps, what we get is very
quickly and with very little investment
to decrease that risk very much
because we are validating the
hypotheses along with increasing
the value.
And what we do is, as we increase
the value, you will soon be able
to go out to the market to look
for investors.
If you validated the main hypotheses,
yourself, because there is much
less risk, yourself, I would recommend
you leave, for example, if
you are working, you leave
your job, etc.
You have to do it once you have already
validated the first possibilities.
You have to do it when we have
decreased the risk and increased
the value.
And that's what we'll learn in
Power Launch Formula.